[Music]
nine years ago following the events of
Toy Story 2 Bo Peep and woody attempt a
rescue RC and ease remote-controlled car
from a rainstorm just as they finished
the rescue what he watches as Bo is
donated to a new owner and considers
going with her but ultimately decides to
remain with Andi years later a teenage
and he donates them to Bonnie a younger
child before he goes off to college
while the toys are grateful to have a
new child
woody struggles to adapt to an
environment where he is not the favorite
as he was with Andi a parent when Bonnie
takes Woody's sheriff badge and puts it
on Jessie instead not even bothering to
give him a role during her playtime on
the day of Bonnie's kindergarten
orientation what he worries over her and
sneaks into her backpack after a
classmate takes away Bonnie's arts and
crafts supplies
woody covertly recovers the materials
and various pieces of garbage from the
trash including a plastic spork
Bonnie uses these to create a toy spork
with googly eyes whom she names for key
for key comes to life in Bonnie's
backpack and begins to experience an
existential crisis thinking he has
garbage rather than a toy and wishing to
remain in a trash can as for key becomes
Bonnie's favorite toy what he takes it
upon himself to prevent forky from
throwing himself away when Bonnie's
family goes on a road trip for key jumps
out of the RV window and what he pursues
him after what he explains how important
he is to Bonnie for he decides to
accompany woody and returned to her near
the RV park where Bonnie's family is
staying Woody spots Bo Peep Schlampe
in an antique store window and goes in
hoping to find her inside
he and forkie encounter a talking doll
named Gabby Gabby
who desires Woody's voice box to replace
her broken one while woody is able to
escape
Gabby captures for ki had a playground
nearby woody is reunited with Bo Peep
who now live as lost toys that aren't
dedicated to one child bo agrees to help
what he save for ki and get back to
Bonnie meanwhile buzz searches for woody
but becomes lost at a fairground and
becomes a carnival game prize he escapes
with plush toys ducky and bunny and they
meet up with woody and Bo with
help of pocket toy cop giggle Mik
dimples and stuntman toy Duke kaboom
they unsuccessfully tried to rescue four
key from Gabby her ventriloquist puppet
henchman and the store owners cat in the
aftermath of the failed rescue beau and
the other toys argue over whether to go
back what he declares that rescuing four
key is his remaining purpose and tells
beau that being loyal is something at
lost toy wouldn't understand alone what
he encounters Gabby again who expresses
her longing for a child's love what he
sympathizes with her and willingly
trades his voice box for four key the
toys part ways but what he watches Gabby
as she is rejected by her ideal owner
harmony woody comforts a heartbroken
Gabby and invites her to become one of
Bonnie's toys beau returns with the
others to help and reconciles with woody
they head for the carnival while forky
fetches buzz and Bonnie's toys they
interfere with the RV's controls forcing
Bonnie's father to drive back to the
carnival when Gabby sees a crying girl
lost in the carnival she decides instead
to become that child's toy giving the
child confidence to approach a security
guard and be reunited with her parents
at the carousel woody and beau share a
bittersweet goodbye but what he is
hesitant to leave beau again after buzz
tells woody that Bonnie will be okay
even without him what he decides to stay
with beau instead of returning to Bonnie
what he passes his sheriff badge over to
Jesse and bids a heartfelt farewell to
his friends woody and beau begin a life
together with ducky bunny giggle and
Duke dedicated to finding new owners for
lost toys on her first day of first
grade Bonnie creates a second impromptu
toy out of a plastic knife who suffers
the same existential crisis as forky
once did who immediately becomes smitten
with her
you